CONTRIBUTING-en.md, before:

# Contributing scikit-qulacs

## Start coding
Set up the project.
1. First, clone this repository.
```bash
git clone git@github.com:Qulacs-Osaka/scikit-qulacs.git
cd scikit-qulacs
```

2. Install dependencies and development tools.
```bash
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
# This installs dependencies and creates a symbolic link to this directory in 
# the site-packages directory.
make install
```

Next, workflow through modification to merge.
3. Synchronize with `main`(not necessary for the first time).
```bash
git switch main
git pull main
```

4. Create branch with name describing what you are going to develop.
```bash
git switch -c 99-wonderful-model
```

5. Run test and format code before commit.
```bash
make format
make test
```

6. Commit and push modified files.
```bash
git add MODIFIED_FILE
git commit
# For the first push in the branch
git push -u origin 99-wonderful-model
# After first push
git push
```

7. Create a pull request(PR) after you finish the development at the branch. Basically you need someone to review your code. If modification is subtle, you might not need a review.

## Testing
Write tests when you develop a new feature. Tests are executed automatically.

1. Create `test_*.py` in `tests` directory. Describe what to test in the file name.
2. Create a function whose name starts with `test_`. Write assertion to check if a function you developed is compliant with a specification. For example, a test for a function calculating sum of two integers is like following.
```python
from skqulacs import add # This function does not exist in the module.

def test_add():
    assert 3 == add(1, 2)
```

3. Then run tests.
```bash
make test
```
If assertion fail, error contents are displayed with red. If you do not see that, all test are successful.

We use `pytest` for testing. Detailed instructions are available in the [document](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/).

## CI
Run CI at GitHub Actions. You cannot merge a branch unless CI passes.
In CI, we run tests and check code format.
The purpose of CI is
* Share our code works properly in the team.
* Find error you cannot notice at your local machine.
* Avoid unnecessary diff by forcing code format.

## Installation
You can install skqulacs to your python's site-packages by `setup-tools`.
Although `make install` just creates a symlink to this directory, this method builds a complete package.

First, install `build`.
```bash
pip install build
```
Then, build and install this package.
```bash
python -m build
# This file name might be different among environments.
pip install dist/scikit_qulacs-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl
```

## Documentation
API document of this library is available here: https://qulacs-osaka.github.io/scikit-qulacs/index.html

The documentation is built and deployed on pushing(merged from PR) to `main` branch.

### Build document
First, move into `doc`.
```bash
cd doc
```

You can install dependencies to build docs in a following command.
```bash
pip install -r requirements-doc.txt
```

Then just run following command.
```bash
make html
```

In `doc/build/html`, you can find build artifacts including HTML files.

Commit message:

Test learning circuit (#48)
* Add test and comments

* Run test for specific files

* Update README

* Format code

* Commit miss

* Revert "Format code"

This reverts commit 989aae17f76a65ed734778ac02cb1b149d67b2ee.

CONTRIBUTING-en.md, after:

# Contributing scikit-qulacs

## Start coding
Set up the project.
1. First, clone this repository.
```bash
git clone git@github.com:Qulacs-Osaka/scikit-qulacs.git
cd scikit-qulacs
```

2. Install dependencies and development tools.
```bash
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
# This installs dependencies and creates a symbolic link to this directory in 
# the site-packages directory.
make install
```

Next, workflow through modification to merge.
3. Synchronize with `main`(not necessary for the first time).
```bash
git switch main
git pull main
```

4. Create branch with name describing what you are going to develop.
```bash
git switch -c 99-wonderful-model
```

5. Run test and format code before commit.
```bash
make format
make test
```

6. Commit and push modified files.
```bash
git add MODIFIED_FILE
git commit
# For the first push in the branch
git push -u origin 99-wonderful-model
# After first push
git push
```

7. Create a pull request(PR) after you finish the development at the branch. Basically you need someone to review your code. If modification is subtle, you might not need a review.

## Testing
Write tests when you develop a new feature. Tests are executed automatically.

1. Create `test_*.py` in `tests` directory. Describe what to test in the file name.
2. Create a function whose name starts with `test_`. Write assertion to check if a function you developed is compliant with a specification. For example, a test for a function calculating sum of two integers is like following.
```python
from skqulacs import add # This function does not exist in the module.

def test_add():
    assert 3 == add(1, 2)
```

3. Then run tests.
```bash
make test
```
If assertion fail, error contents are displayed with red. If you do not see that, all test are successful.

You might want to run tests only in specific files.
In that case, run `make` with file(s) you want to test.
```
make tests/test_circuit.py tests/test_qnn_regressor.py
```

We use `pytest` for testing. Detailed instructions are available in the [document](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/).

## CI
Run CI at GitHub Actions. You cannot merge a branch unless CI passes.
In CI, we run tests and check code format.
The purpose of CI is
* Share our code works properly in the team.
* Find error you cannot notice at your local machine.
* Avoid unnecessary diff by forcing code format.

## Installation
You can install skqulacs to your python's site-packages by `setup-tools`.
Although `make install` just creates a symlink to this directory, this method builds a complete package.

First, install `build`.
```bash
pip install build
```
Then, build and install this package.
```bash
python -m build
# This file name might be different among environments.
pip install dist/scikit_qulacs-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl
```

## Documentation
API document of this library is available here: https://qulacs-osaka.github.io/scikit-qulacs/index.html

The documentation is built and deployed on pushing(merged from PR) to `main` branch.

### Build document
First, move into `doc`.
```bash
cd doc
```

You can install dependencies to build docs in a following command.
```bash
pip install -r requirements-doc.txt
```

Then just run following command.
```bash
make html
```

In `doc/build/html`, you can find build artifacts including HTML files.
